folk rumor
Your Majesty has no ink on his chest
ignorant
Not stupid
Does it have to be true?
I read widely since I was a child
Xuefu Five Cars
ancient and modern
Who wouldn't brag
brag
Have you ever heard a song that cheers you up?
When is the bright moon?
That's the poem of Su Dongpo, the god of poetry you copied
Is that so?
I will give each of you four chances
If you ask a question, I will answer it.
If I can't answer
I confess that I am a fool
Sister, Your Majesty is so crazy
Crazy also has crazy capital
What His Majesty said is true
I am the Son of Heaven
One word
Hmph, I am familiar with Tang's Song poetry
This can still stumble me
My wife pours wine for me
only come
Molai
recently
The queen cares for me